Rowan Lochrin

1a. .node {}

1b. circle {}

1c. #main {}

2a. {"country":"US", "GDP": 16.77}

2b. [1,3,5,7,9]

2c. Refers to the context in which a function is called.

3a. <line x1="0",y1="0", x2="200" y2="200", stroke="blue">

3b.  var div = document.createElement("div");
	div.innerHTML = "this is a test";
	div.className = "MyClass";
	document.body.appendChild(div);

4a.  d3.select("#main").append("svg").attr("width",300).attr("height",300);

4b. svg.selectAll("rect").data(data).enter()
	.append("rect")
	.attr("width", 10)
	.attr("height", 10)
	.attr("x", function(d){ return d.x; })
	.attr("y", function(d){ return d.y; });

5a. scale(3) = 230, scale(5) = 250, scale(15) = 350.

5b. scale(-5) = translate(-100, 300), scale(5) = translate(100, 100), 
	scale(20) = translate(400, -200) 

6a. Special cells in our eyes call cones activate specifically when they are hit 
	a certain wave length of light, we have 3 types of cones, one that 
	responds to blue light, one that responds to red light and one that 
	responds to green light. We get infer information about color by how 
	many of each cone activated.

6b. Red/Green color blindness. Because red and green cones activate at similar 
	wavelengths normally sometimes they can overlap and a person will lose 
	the ability to differentiate green and red light.

7. a) LAB space would be good as distances on the color wheel correspond to
	perceptual differences in color. In addition the way LAB has red green
	variation as it's own attribute make it easier to see witch colors will 
	be hard to distinguish for red/green color blind people.


8. c) It's always best to use luminance to depict shape (like the shapes of
	countries or states on a map) as we can see differences in luminance
	easily regardless of hue.

9. Separable visual channels are perceived independently from one another e.g 
	color and position, integral visual channels are perceived together as
	part of a whole e.g. width and height are both perceived as impacting 
	size.

10. They take advantage of the gestalt nature of human perception, that is the 
	way we can quickly infer containment relations. When we look at a 
	treemap we can very easily see containment in a hierarchy. E.g. When 
	treemapping files on a hard drive if we see that file A contains file B
	and file B contains file C it's easy for us to infer that file A 
	contains file B.

11. You should seek to provide an overview of the data, a way to filter the 
	data, and a way to highlight (or get information about) any particular 
	data point. Also due to the way we perceive space and distance, 
	the blue dots appear lower when they're over higher bars which is not
	ideal as it conflates the two aspects of our data.

12. It's hard to see which dot's are above which bars, so the connection between
	the two data points is unclear. There is no text on either axis, so I 
	have no idea if it ranges from 0 to 20 trillion dollars or 0 to 20 grains
	of sand.

13. To represent data over a wide range, without making it impossible to see 
	differences in smaller values. E.g. If you're graphing the speeds of
 	different vehicles, you want to be able to see that a skateboard is 
	slightly faster then a wheel chair and a fighter jet is faster 
	then a 747. Howver scaling linearly with the first comparison in mind would 
	make the graph to big if you wanted to show the second, and scaling linearly 
	with the second comparison in mind would make the difference in the 
	first one to small to recognize.

14. Because if you have time data that's been recorded at irregular intervals, 
	you may misrepresent it by spacing it evenly. E.g if you have values for 
	how high the water levels are in the Tucson aquifer in the years 1981, 
	1982, and 1995 if the aquifer has been losing 2 inches of water a year 
	then plotting these timestamps a fixed distance apart will make it look 
	like the aquifer was losing water much faster at the end of the chart.

15. 1. For higher dimensional data you must use multiple scatter plot matrices 
	in places where you could simply use one parallel coordinate plot.
	2. When using multiple scatter plots for higher dimensional data it can 
	tricky to see where one point lands on one scatter plot based on where it 
	lands on another. The only way to do this is by color coding the dots
	or adding some interactive element.

16. When you know the distance between any two data points and you wish to plot 
	those points in a way that maintains distance relations

17. There's the attractive force where edges act like springs and draw connected
	nodes together based on Hocks Law. There's also the force that pushes two
	nodes away from each other base on Coulomb's law. There are also two other 
	forces, friction which slows the movement of any node and alpha which 
	gradually slows the movement of the system to zero to insure the graph 
	reaches a stable (static) state eventually.

18. When there are a relatively small number of nodes (< 25), and a lot of connections
	between them. Because in matrix diagrams there is a space for every 
	possible connection between two nodes its easy to check if two particular
	nodes are connected. This may not be true on a node link diagram 
	as if all twenty or so nodes there may be 300 or so different edges on 
	a densely connected graph and seeing if two nodes are connected may be 
	made impossible by all the overlapping edges.

19. Because every vertex of the pentagon can have one of two states and there a 
	five vertices of a pentagon there are 2^5 = 32 possible different cases.
	
20.  Hedhehog plots don't have arrows so for every square on a hedhehog plot 
	there are two possible directions that the vector field at that square 
	could possibly point because the head of the arrow could be on either 
	end of the line.
 	
21a. If a maps projection preserves area then the Tissot's indicatrices will all
	have equal area (some will not be circles though).

21b. If a maps projection preserves shape then the Tissot's indicatrices will all
	be undeformed circles (they will have different area's though).
